the sons of Levi were Gershon Kohath and
Merari the sons of Kohath we're Amram is
ha Hebron and Ezio the children of amram
were Aaron Moses and Miriam and the sons
of Aaron when a dad a by Hugh Eleazar
and Ithamar eleazar begat phineas and
phineas forgot abba schewe abba schewe
begat Buckeye and Buckeye begat as I as
I began to zero high and Zura higher
begat Mariah Mariah forgot a Mariah and
a Mariah begat a high tub a heightened
begat sadoc and sadoc begat a him 'as a
hammer as begat Azariah and Azariah
begat Johanna Johanna n-- forgot as
arrived it was he who ministered as
priest in the temple that Solomon built
in Jerusalem
Azariah begat Amara and a Mariah forgot
a height of a high tub begat sadoc and
sadoc begat Shalem Shalem begat Hill
kaya and Hill Kyra forgot Azariah
Azariah forgot Sariah and suryya
bhagatji huzzah duck jaha's ER doc went
into captivity when the Lord carried
Judah and Jerusalem into captivity by
the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the sons of
Levi were Gershon Kohath and Merari
these are the names of the sons of
Gershon Lib Nye and shimmy I
the sons of Kohath were Amram is her
Hebron and Ezio the sons of near a rye
were male and Miuccia now these are the
families of the Levites according to
their fathers of Gershon were Lib nie
his son Jay hath his son Zimmer his son
joah his son Edo his son Zira his son
and Jala his son the sons of Kohath were
an inner dad his son Cora his son aza
his son Elkanah his son a bias F his son
as a his son taketh his son Uriel his
son Isaiah his son and shaul his son the
sons of Elkanah were a messiah and a
hymen
as for Elkanah the sons of Elkanah was
Oh fie his son nay hath his son a liar
his son Jerome his son and elkanah his
son the sons of Samuel were joelle the
firstborn and Abijah the second the sons
of near a rye worm alli libb nye his son
Shem III his son aza his son Shem iya
his son a guy his son and Isaiah his son
now these are the men whom David
appointed over the service of sod in the
house of the Lord after the ark came to
rest they were ministering with music
before the dwelling place of the
tabernacle of meeting until Solomon had
built the house of the Lord in Jerusalem
and they served in their office
according to their order and these are
the ones whom in
with their sons of the sons of the
kohathites were Heymann the singer the
son of Joel the son of Samuel the son of
Elkanah the son of judah the son of
Alaia the son of tor the son of zuf the
son of Elkanah the son of me hath the
son of a messiah the son of Elkanah the
son of joelle the son of Azariah the son
of Zephaniah the son of taketh the son
of oz'
the son of a by joseph the son of Kota
the son of is ah the son of Kohath the
son of levi the son of israel and his
brother
Asaph who stood at his right hand was
Asaph the son of berechiah the son of
shamea the son of Michael the son of BAE
Asiya the son of melchi the son of Ethne
the son of Zera the son of adaiah the
son of Ethan the son of Zimmer the son
of shamea the son of jr. the son of
Gershon the son of levi their brethren
the sons of Merari on the left hand were
even the son of keisha
the son of ab day the son of Mallik the
son of hash abaya the son of a messiah
the son of Hilkiah the son of Em's I the
son of Boehner the son of Shaima the son
of male the son of Musa the son of mir a
ride the son of lever and their brethren
the Levites were appointed to every kind
of service of the tabernacle of the
house of God
but Aaron and his sons offered
sacrifices on the altar of
burnt-offering and on the altar of
incense for all the work of the most
holy place and to make atonement for
Israel according to all that Moses the
servant of God had commanded now these
are the sons of Aaron Eleazar his son
phineas his son an issuer his son Baca
his son as I his son Zara haya his son
Maria his son a Moriah his son a height
of his son
Zadok his son and a him as his son now
these are their dwelling places
throughout their settlements in their
territory for they were given by lot to
the sons of Aaron of the family of the
kohathites they gave them Hebron in the
land of Judah with its surrounding
common lands but the fields of the city
and its villages they gave to Caleb the
son of Jephunneh and to the sons of
Aaron they gave one of the cities of
refuge Hebron also Lebanon with its
common lands Chatta
Ishta ma with its common lands Hyland
with its common lands diba with its
common lands Haitian with its common
lands and beth-shemesh with its common
lands and from the tribe of Benjamin
giba with its common lands lmf with its
common lands and Anathoth with its
common lands all their cities among
their families were 13 to the rest of
the family of the tribe of the
kohathites they gave by lot ten cities
from half the tribe of manasseh and to
the sons of Gershon throughout their
families they gave 13 cities from the
tribe of Issachar and the tribe of Asher
from the tribe of Naphtali and from the
tribe of manasseh in Batian to the sons
of Merari throughout their families they
gave 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben
from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe
of Zebulun so the children of Israel
gave these cities were their common
lands to the Levites and they gave by
lot from the tribe of the children of
Judah from the tribe of the children of
Simeon and from the tribe of the
children of Benjamin these cities which
are called by their names now some of
the families of the sons of Kohath were
given cities as their territory from the
tribe of ephraim and they gave them one
of the cities of refuge Shechem with its
common lands in the mountains of Ephraim
also Geezer with its common lands Jack
Neum with its common lands beth horon
with its common lands agilent with its
common lands and Geth with its
common lands and from the half tribe of
manasseh aina with its common lands and
billion with its common lands for the
rest of the family of the sons of Kohath
from the family of the half tribe of
manasseh the sons of Gershon were given
colon impatiens with its common lands
and Ashtaroth with its common land
and from the tribe of Issachar Kadesh
with its common lands deborah with its
common lands ramoth with its common
lands and amon with its common lands and
from the tribe of Asher nation with its
common lands abdun with its common lands
Hugh cack with its common lands and
Rehab with its common lands and from the
tribe of Naphtali Kadesh in Galilee with
its common lands common with its common
lands and Kyra Theron with its common
lands from the tribe of Zebulun the rest
of the children of mere a ride were
given women with its common lands and
table with its common lands and on the
other side of the Jordan across from
Jericho on the east side of the Jordan
they were given from the tribe of Reuben
Pisa in the wilderness with its common
lands jazz' with its common lands
karimov with its common lands and may
faith with its common lands and from the
tribe of GAD ramoth in Gilead with its
common lands Mayer name with its common
lands heshbon with its common lands and
jeiza with its common lands